= Radiant Extension Registry

This is the source code of the Radiant Extension Registry. The registry is
used by Radiant to power the `script/extension install` command.

Extension authors can upload information about their extensions and then use 
the `script/extension install` command to install the extension in a 
fresh Radiant project.

The extension registry is located here:

http://ext.radiantcms.org

== Contributing

Like Radiant itself we welcome contributions to the extension registry. You
can suggest features or report bugs on the GitHub issue tracker here:

http://github.com/radiant/radiant-extension-registry/issues

If you would like to contribute to the development of the registry, fork the
project on GitHub, make your changes, and submit a patch or pull request.

== License

  Copyright (c) 2008-2009, Sean D. Cribbs and John W. Long.
  
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to 
  deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the 
  rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or 
  sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
  
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
  FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS 
  IN THE SOFTWARE.